feat: Various patches (#391)
aphp/edsnlp: changelog.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Handling intra-word linebreak as pollution : Adds a pollution pattern that detects intra-word linebreak, which can then be removed in the `get_text` method
> - Qualifiers can process `Span` or `Doc` : This feature especially makes it easier to use such pipes in other pipes directly
> - Various disorders/behaviors patches
> - Add label_weights : Allows the user to mention label weights during span classification training
> - Deduplicate spans between doc.ents and doc.spans during train : Previously, if the `span_getter` asks to get both `ents` and `spans`, entities would have been seen twice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handling intra-word linebreak as pollution : adds a pollution pattern that detects intra-word linebreak, which can then be removed in the `get_text` method
- Qualifiers can process `Span` or `Doc` : this feature especially makes it easier to nest qualifiers components in other components
- New label_weights parameter in eds.span_classifier`, which allows the user to set per label-value loss weights during training

### Fixed

- Various disorders/behaviors patches

### Changed

- Deduplicate spans between doc.ents and doc.spans during train: previously, a `span_getter` requesting entities from both `ents` and `spans` could yield duplicates.
```
